# Meeting Minutes - Team 5 Mnestix Product Catalogue

| Author | Project | Course | Clients |
|:--------:|:-----------:|:---------------:|:--------:|
| Felix Hennerich | Mnestix Product Catalogue | TINF24F | Markus Rentschler, Pawel Wojcik

| Version | Date       | Author         | Comment                                      |
|:--------:|:-----------:|:---------------:|:---------------------------------------------|
| 1.0 | 19.09.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Initialize document structure and first Meeting Info |
| 1.1 | 26.09.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Second Meeting and Conventions |
| 1.2 | 10.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Next steps in the Project |
| 1.3 | 17.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Business Case |
| 1.4 | 24.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Versions at the top |
| 1.5 | 24.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Presentation and Code Discussion |
| 1.6 | 27.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Meeting with external |
| 1.7 | 31.10.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Further Exercises |
| 1.8 | 07.11.2025 | Felix Hennerich | Preparation of Pre-presentation |

## Table of Contents
- [Meeting 07.11.2025 - Preparation of Pre-presentation](#prepres)
- [Meeting 31.10.2025 - ReadME, Further Exercises](#readme)
- [Meeting 27.10.2025 - External Meeting](#external)
- [Meeting 24.10.2025 - Presentation and Code Discussion](#presentation)
- [Meeting 17.10.2025 - Business Case](#bc)
- [Meeting 10.10.2025 - Next Steps](#next-steps)
- [Meeting 26.09.2025 - Conventions](#conventions)
- [Meeting 19.09.2025 - Introduction](#intro)

---

<a id="prepres"></a>
## Meeting 07.11.2025 - Preparation of Pre-presentation
| No. | Topic                     | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|----------------------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1 | Examine the spoken text | All | 10 |
|2| Correct errors in the presentation | Gregor Gottschewski| 10 |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart
**Date:** 07.11.2025  
**Time:** 20 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Felix Hennerich, Bruno Lange, Robin Kelm

### I. To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                             | **Responsible Person(s)** | **Due Date** |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------|--------------|
| Learn personal text| All|14.11.2025  |

### II. Goal
In this meeting, all remaining questions regarding the test presentation were resolved. The slides were also briefly reviewed, and final errors in the slide set were corrected. The goal was for everyone to be able to present their respective part without any problems, albeit in a somewhat shortened form due to it being a test presentation.

### III. Future Meeting
Due to the Test presentation, the next weekly meeting will not be held. So the next meeting is at 19.11.2025

---

<a id="presentation"></a>
## Meeting 31.10.2025 - External Meeting
| No. | Topic                     | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|----------------------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | ReadME file      | All            | 5          |
| 2   | Outline Presentation | All           | 15          |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart
**Date:** 27.10.2025  
**Time:** 20 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Felix Hennerich

### I. To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                             | **Responsible Person(s)** | **Due Date** |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------|--------------|
| Version History SRS          | Gregor Gottschewski                  | 07.11.2025   |
| ReadME      | Gregor Gottschewski                        | 07.11.2025   |
| SAS finish | Bruno Lange                        | 07.11.2025   |
| Powerpoint slide | All | 07.11.2025

---

<a id="external"></a>
## Meeting 27.10.2025 - External Meeting
| No. | Topic                     | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|----------------------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | Update to Mnestix 2.0      | Gregor Gottschewski            | 10          |
| 2   | Online Test Platform | All           | 10          |
| 3   | More Questions to external | All    | 5          |

**Location:** Teams (Online)
**Date:** 27.10.2025  
**Time:** 25 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich, Nils Rothamel  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich, Jan Kruske, Nils Rothamel (external)

---

<a id="presentation"></a>
## Meeting 24.10.2025 - Presentation and Code Discussion

| No. | Topic                     | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|----------------------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | Presentation Overview      | All            | 10          |
| 2   | Ideas Discussion | All           | 5          |
| 3   | Presentation Timeline & Deadlines | All    | 10          |
| 4   | Code Discussion            | All            | 10          |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart  
**Date:** 24.10.2025  
**Time:** 35 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich, Jan Kruske, Robin Kelm


### I. Goal
The goal of this meeting was to coordinate the structure and content of the upcoming presentation.  
A team overview and individual introductions were discussed. Additionally, the code and progress of the implementation were reviewed.

### II. Discussion Points
- Presentation structure and responsibilities distributed  
- Team introduction for presentation prepared  
- Agreement on presentation deadlines:  
  - **Final Presentation:** 21.11.2025  
  - **Internal Test Presentation:** One week before (14.11.2025)
  - **Internal Finish of Presentation:** 07.11.2025
- General discussion about current implementation status and improvements in the codebase  


### III. To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                             | **Responsible Person(s)** | **Due Date** |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------|--------------|
| Prepare final presentation           | All                        | 07.11.2025   |
| Internal presentation (dry run)      | All                        | 31.10.2025   |
| Review codebase and finalize features | All                        | 31.10.2025   |
|Prepare external Meeting | Felix Hennerich| 27.10.2025|

**Notes:**  
- Full team attendance.  
- Presentation initialized and structure finalized.  
- Code discussed in preparation for internal demo.

---

<a id="bc"></a>
## Meeting 17.10.2025 - Business Case

| No. | Topic           | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|-----------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | BC Discussion       | All            | 10          |
| 2   | Start of Implementation            | All            | 20         |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart  
**Date:** 17.10.2025  
**Time:** 30 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich

---

<a id="next-steps"></a>
## Meeting 10.10.2025 - Next Steps

| No. | Topic           | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|-----------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | Documents       | All            | 10          |
| 2   | Github Project & pages          | All            | 5           |
| 3   | Weekly Meetings | All            | 5           |
| 4   | Document timelines | All            | 10           |
| 5   | Plan development start | All            | 5           |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart  
**Date:** 10.10.2025  
**Time:** 35 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich, Jan Kruske, Robin Kelm


### I. Goal
In this meeting, there was a brief overview of the issues in the GitHub repo, with the task of selecting issues. Weekly meetings were scheduled, and it was clearly defined who would be writing which document.  
It was also discussed the submissions and deadlines for the third semester. The following documents are required: BC, SAS, CRS, SRS, PM, and presentation.  
**Deadline: 31.10.2025**  
**Presentation: 1 Week later**

### II. Status
✔️ Meeting Minutes created  
✔️ Commit Conventions accepted  

### III. Future Meeting
The next meeting is planned for 17.10.2025.


### To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                                  | **Responsible Person(s)**                      | **Due Date**     |
|--------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|

**Notes:**  
- Full team attendance.  
- **Github Repo:** [https://github.com/DHBW-TINF24F/Team5-mnestix-product-catalogue](https://github.com/DHBW-TINF24F/Team5-mnestix-product-catalogue)  
- **Github board:** [https://github.com/orgs/DHBW-TINF24F/projects/2](https://github.com/orgs/DHBW-TINF24F/projects/2)

---

<a id="conventions"></a>
## Meeting 26.09.2025 - Conventions

| No. | Topic         | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|----------------|----------------|-------------|
| 1   | Discussion about Conventions  | Gregor Gottschewski | 10 |
| 2   | Project Selection | All | 5 |
| 3   | Deep Search about Project | All | 20 |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart  
**Date:** 26.09.2025  
**Time:** 35 min  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich, Jan Kruske, Robin Kelm



### I. Goal
In-depth reading and discussion of the project tasks.  
Discussions about the commit conventions.

### II. Future Meeting
The next meeting is planned for Friday, 10.10.2025.


### To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                       | **Responsible Person(s)** | **Due Date** |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------|--------------|
| User Stories to Github | Felix Hennerich | 10.10.2025 |
| Setup Meeting Minutes File | Felix Hennerich | 10.10.2025 |

**Notes:**  
- Full team attendance.  

---

<a id="intro"></a>
## Meeting 19.09.2025 - Introduction

| No. | Topic | Responsibility | Time (min) |
|-----|--------|----------------|-------------|
| 1 | Project Topics | All | 10 |
| 2 | Role Distribution | All | 5 |
| 3 | Voting of Project | All | 5 |

**Location:** DHBW Stuttgart  
**Date:** 19.09.2025  
**Time:** 20 mins  
**Moderator:** Felix Hennerich  

**Attendees:**  
Gregor Gottschewski, Julian Schumacher, Nils Schäffner, Bruno Lange, Felix Hennerich, Jan Kruske, Robin Kelm


### I. Goal
The goal of the first meeting was to review all projects in order to make the right decisions regarding course assignments. Another goal was to allocate the team's roles.

### II. Discussion Points
- **Voting of project:**  
  The Team voted for the Top 3 Projects by the given projects  
  Result:  
  | Rank | Project |
  |------|----------|
  | 1 | Mnestix (Project 5) |
  | 2 | BaSyx Editor (Project 3) |
  | 3 | BaSyx Viewer Plugin (Project 2) |

- **Role distribution:**  
  The following roles were assigned:

  | Role              | Responsible Person(s)             |
  |-------------------|-----------------------------------|
  | Project Manager   | Felix Hennerich                   |
  | Product Manager   | Julian Schumacher                 |
  | Test Manager      | Nils Schäffner, Jan Kruske        |
  | System Architect  | Bruno Lange                       |
  | Technical Editor  | Robin Kelm, Gregor Gottschewski   |
  | Developer         | All                               |

### III. Future Meeting
The next meeting is planned for Friday, 26.09.2025.


### To-Do’s
| **To-Do**                   | **Responsible Person(s)** | **Due Date** |
|------------------------------|----------------------------|--------------|
| Project Selection             | Julian Schumacher          | 26.09.2025   |
| General Conventions          | Gregor Gottschewski        | 26.09.2025   |

**Notes:**  
- Full team attendance.
